Instructing to commit changes before merging in Revisiting Rock Paper Scissors lesson (#23331)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/revisiting_rock_paper_scissors.md

   3. Add a `div` for displaying results and change all of your `console.log`s into DOM methods.  
   4. Display the running score, and announce a winner of the game once one player reaches 5 points.  
   5. You will likely have to refactor (rework/rewrite) your original code to make it work for this. That's OK! Reworking old code is an important part of a programmer's life.  

>    6. Once you're all done with your UI and make sure everything's satisfactory, and your changes are commited to the `rps-ui` branch it's time to merge it to our main branch.

Reviewer: Can you make this more of a series of instructions? Once you're done, commit changes to rps-ui. Now it's time to merge... (something along those lines). Otherwise it seems like a run-on sentence.

   3. Add a `div` for displaying results and change all of your `console.log`s into DOM methods.  
   4. Display the running score, and announce a winner of the game once one player reaches 5 points.  
   5. You will likely have to refactor (rework/rewrite) your original code to make it work for this. That's OK! Reworking old code is an important part of a programmer's life.  
   6. Once you're all done with your UI and made sure everything's satisfactory, commit your changes to the `rps-ui` branch.
   7. Now it's time to merge it to our `main` branch.

> 3. Let's take a look at how we can merge these changes back to our `main` branch.  

Reviewer 2: I think we can actually do away the with verbiage in your step 7/that is currently in the lesson already about merging, just because the step that follows already says "Now let’s take a look at how we can merge these changes...". It's kind of redundant verbiage. If you can make the following changes, I think this will be good to merge:

1. Remove the line "7. Now it's time to merge it to our `main` branch." completely
2. Edit the line that follows to this:

```suggestion
3. Now let's take a look at how we can merge the changes from our `rps-ui` branch back to our `main` branch.  
```

Author: Yes, I think that is appropriate, and I have made the changes.
